# Team Meeting: Begin Project Assignments

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/110822-team_progress.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>November 11, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 1 hour and 30 minutes</li>
        <ol>7:00pm to 8:30pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting </li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Converse our team individual groups progress</li>
    <ul>
      <li>
      Team Leads: 
        <ol>
            Nikhil Rao and Yingqi Cao
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
      Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *9 out of 10* </li>
- [x] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Nikhil Rao
- [x] Yingqi Cao
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Thomas Koon
- [x] Liam Nguyen
- [x] Amaar Valliani
- [x] Andrew Jia
- [x] Yunxiao Xu
- [ ] Chieh-hsiu Hung 

## **Agenda**
- [x] Discuss each groups progress and see what needs to be completed.
- [x] Assign tasks and deadlines for each group.
    
## **Meeting Notes**
1) **Team Roles**
    <ul>
        <li>Team Leads</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Yingqi Cao</li>
                <li>Nikhil Rao</li>    
            </ul>
        <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Sahil Dadwhal</li>
                <li>Liam Nguyen</li>
                <li>Isaac Varela</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Backend (Javascript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Thomas Koon</li>
                <li>Chieh-hsiu (Jerry) Hung</li>
                <li>Yunxiao Xu</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Testing and Devops</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Amaar Valliani</li>
                <li>Andrew Jia</li>
            </ul>
      <li>Everyone</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Document everything</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>

2) **Mini Group Assignments**
 <ul>
       <li>Frontend</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Meet with Backend Team to show and explain the code on the Frontend branch. </li>
                <li>Merge Backend's ideas and concepts into Frontend code</li>
            </ul>
       <li>Backend (Javascript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Meet with Frontend Team to see how the webpage is structured and how we need to format the input data</li>
                <li>Merge our ideas and concepts into Frontend code</li>
            </ul>
       <li>Testing and Devops</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Deploy html file viewable on the platform of your choosing</li>
                <li>Figure out html validation</li>
           </ul>
   </ul>

3) **Notes**

    What has been accomplished so far?
    <ul>
        <li>Finished recently opens JSON</li>
        <li>Working on popular tags feature</li>
        <li>DevOps-testing</li>
        <li>Deployed to Netlify, will be sticking with that</li>
    </ul>
    What are the immediate next steps?
    <ul>
        <li>First, we will be merging into the main branch soon</li>
        <li>DevOps-Testing</li>
        <li>Unit testing and JSDocs</li>
    </ul>
    Two upcoming meetings (Friday 11am-1pm)
    <ul>
        <li>Sprint review meeting (all members must be present)</li>
        <li>Retrospective meeting</li>
    </ul>
    Everyone take a selfie on Monday at lecture for attendence points!

