# Team Meeting: Team Progress Meeting 4

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/111422-team_progress3.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>November 19, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 1 hour and 30 minutes</li>
        <ol>6:00pm to 7:30pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting </li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Converse our team individual groups progress</li>
    <ul>
      <li>
      Team Leads: 
        <ol>
            Nikhil Rao and Yingqi Cao
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
      Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *6 out of 10* </li>
- [ ] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Nikhil Rao
- [x] Yingqi Cao
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [ ] Thomas Koon
- [x] Liam Nguyen
- [ ] Amaar Valliani
- [ ] Yunxiao Xu
- [x] Chieh-hsiu Hung 
- [x] Andrew Jia


## **Agenda**
- [x] Discuss each groups progress and see what needs to be completed.
- [x] Assign tasks and deadlines for each group.
    
## **Meeting Notes**
1) **Team Roles**
    <ul>
        <li>Team Leads</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Yingqi Cao</li>
                <li>Nikhil Rao</li>    
            </ul>
        <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Sahil Dadwhal</li>
                <li>Liam Nguyen</li>
                <li>Isaac Varela</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Backend (Javascript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Thomas Koon</li>
                <li>Chieh-hsiu (Jerry) Hung</li>
                <li>Yunxiao Xu</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Testing and Devops</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Amaar Valliani</li>
                <li>Andrew Jia</li>
            </ul>
      <li>Everyone</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Document everything</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>

2) **Notes**
<ul>
Frontend Updates
<ul>
    <li>Created template for term page</li>
    <li>Made some updates to term page</li>
</ul>
Backend updates
<ul>
    <li>Finished the search functionality</li>
</ul>

DevOps and Testing
<ul>
    <li>This weekend/week, they will add unit testing and linting into the pipeline</li>
</ul>

Definition of done
<ul>
    <li>Working feature</li>
    <li>Pipeline checks should be passing</li>
    <li>Testing and DevOps: when something is pushed to main branch</li>
    <li>Ask TA about how we should define done</li>
</ul>

Tasks
<ul>
<li>Frontend and backend:
    <ul>
        <li>Connect search functionality to search button</li>
    </ul>
<li>Frontend
    <ul>
        <li>Add a save as draft button to term creation page</li>
        <li>Add a cancel button to term creation page</li>
    </ul>
<li>Backend
    <ul>
        <li>Populate term page with the correct information</li>
        <li>Fix the linting errors</li>
    </ul>
<li>Team leads:
    <ul>
        <li>Create ADR and Wiki section of GitHub</li>
        <li>Team status video</li>
        <li>Adding issues to the GitHub</li>
    </ul>
</ul>