# Team Meeting: Frontend Meeting 5!

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Frontend Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/111322-frontend_meeting4.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>November 19, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 30 minutes</li>
        <ol>2:00pm to 2:30pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting</li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Frontend Meeting 5:</li>
    <i> Team Roles</i>
    <ul>
        <li>Team Leads</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Yingqi Cao</li>
                <li>Nikhil Rao</li>    
            </ul>
        <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Sahil Dadwhal</li>
                <li>Liam Nguyen</li>
                <li>Isaac Varela</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Backend (JavaScript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Thomas Koon</li>
                <li>Chieh-hsiu (Jerry) Hung</li>
                <li>Yunxiao Xu</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Testing and Devops</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Amaar Valliani</li>
                <li>Andrew Jia</li>
            </ul>
      <li>Everyone</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Document everything</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>
    <li>
        Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *2 out of 3 (frontend team)* </li>
- [ ] Sahil Dadhwal (out of town)
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Liam Nguyen
    
## **Agenda**
- [x] Discuss integration with backend.
- [x] Work with backend to do search feature.
    
## **Meeting Notes**

Work on the agenda.
<ul>
    <li>Backend showed us their search function, and we presented the pages we would integrate the function into.</li>
    <li>Then we showed the template for the term page.</li> 
    <li>For the update feature, we discussed that in order to update, the user would be taken to another page very similar to the create-term page, but this would be only for updating.</li>
    <li>Sahil was out of town, but he added an interactive CSS chunck of code that adds visuals to home page.</li>
</ul>

