# Sprint 2 Review Meeting

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Todo](#todo)

[Previous Sprint](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/111122-sprint-1-review.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>November 28, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 30 minutes</li>
        <ol>6:30pm to 7:00pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting </li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Sprint 2 Review Meeting</li>
    <ul>
      <li>
      Team Leads: 
        <ol>
            Nikhil Rao and Yingqi Cao
        </ol>
      </li>
      <li>
      Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *10 out of 10* </li>
- [x] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Nikhil Rao
- [x] Yingqi Cao
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Thomas Koon
- [x] Liam Nguyen
- [x] Amaar Valliani
- [x] Andrew Jia
- [x] Yunxiao Xu
- [x] Chieh-hsiu Hung 

## **Agenda**
- [x] Each team shares what they have accomplished and what they will accomplish and by when it will be done.
    
## **Meeting Notes**
Team Reports:
<ul>
    <li>Team Leads</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Members: Nikhil, Yingqi</li>
            <li>Final meeting with Sourabh next Monday (12/05, 3-6pm)</li> 
        </ul>
    <li>Frontend</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Members: Sahil, Liam, Isaac</li>
            <li>Search bar dropdown</li>
            <li>Ability to click on term</li>
            <li>Update and cancel buttons</li>
        </ul>
    <li>Backend</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Members: Thomas, Jerry, Yunxiao</li>
            <li>Worked on passing the linting tests</li>
            <li>Worked on search functionality</li>
        </ul>
    <li>DevOps</li>
        <ul>
            <li>Members: Amaar, Andrew</li>
            <li>Added JSDocs</li>
            <li>Added CodeClimate</li>
            <li>Writing unit tests</li>
            <li>1 E2E test</li>
        </ul>
</ul>
    
    
## **Todo**
- [ ] Update search dropdown to include portion of short description
- [ ] Have a Drafts page
- [ ] Fix update term
- [ ] Search by tag
- [ ] Have ability to click on a tag
- [ ] Get rid of settings button
- [ ] Make tiny MCE a required field by having an alert when empty
- [ ] Have an error/alert if any of the fields are empty

