# Team Meeting: Frontend Meeting 7!

[Team 2 Members](#team-2-members)

[Meeting Info](#meeting-info)

[Attendance](#attendance)

[Agenda](#agenda)

[Meeting Notes](#meeting-notes)

[Miro Board](https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVPJnCzps=/?share_link_id=992842944391)

[Previous Frontend Meeting](https://github.com/cse110-fa22-group2/team2-fa22-cse110/blob/main/admin/meetings/112122-frontend_meeting6.md)

## **Team 2 Members**
<ul>

##### <li> *Sahil Dadhwal* </li>
##### <li> *Nikhil Rao* </li>
##### <li> *Yingqi Cao* </li>
##### <li> *Isaac Varela* </li>
##### <li> *Thomas Koon* </li>
##### <li> *Liam Nguyen* </li>
##### <li> *Chieh-hsiu Hung* </li>
##### <li> *Amaar Valliani* </li>
##### <li> *Andrew Jia* </li>
##### <li> *Yunxiao Xu* </li> 
  
</ul>

## **Meeting Info**
#### Meeting Specs: 
<ul>
  <li>December 6, 2022</li>
  <ul>
    <li>Duration: 2 hours 2 minutes</li>
        <ol>5:00pm to 7:02pm<ol>
  </ul>
</ul>

#### Meeting Location: 
<ul>
  <li>Virtual Zoom Meeting</li>
</ul>

#### Meeting Type: 
<ul>
  <li>Frontend Meeting 7:</li>
    <i> Team Roles</i>
    <ul>
        <li>Team Leads</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Yingqi Cao</li>
                <li>Nikhil Rao</li>    
            </ul>
        <li>Designers and Frontend (HTML, CSS, JavaScript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Sahil Dadwhal</li>
                <li>Liam Nguyen</li>
                <li>Isaac Varela</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Backend (JavaScript)</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Thomas Koon</li>
                <li>Chieh-hsiu (Jerry) Hung</li>
                <li>Yunxiao Xu</li>
            </ul>
        <li>Testing and Devops</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Amaar Valliani</li>
                <li>Andrew Jia</li>
            </ul>
      <li>Everyone</li>
            <ul>
                <li>Document everything</li>
            </ul>
    </ul>
    <li>
        Rules: 
        <ol>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to contribute and be prepared to discuss their contributions.
            </li>
            <li>
                Everyone needs to be active on Slack.
            </li>
            <li>
                Other rules are defined in our team contract.
            </li>
        </ol>
      </li>
    </ul>
</ul>	

## **Attendance**
##### <li> *5 out of 3 (3 frontend members)* </li>
- [x] Sahil Dadhwal
- [x] Isaac Varela
- [x] Liam Nguyen
- [x] Yunxiao Xu (backend)
- [x] Amaar Valliani (Testing and Devops)

    
## **Agenda**
- [x] Work on correcting validation errors.
- [x] Make sure final product is ready for a video demonstration.
    
## **Meeting Notes**
Work on the agenda.
<ul>
    <li>Frontend has gotten all of the validations tests to pass on the tag-search branch with help from team members Amaar and Yunxiao.</li>
    <li>Frontend merged the tag-search branch to dev branch and then we merged to main, with of course attaching issues and tags to the pull requests.</li>
</ul>
